Update guides and config reference - Closes #1278 (#1305)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/source.adoc

----
make clean
----

== Logging

> To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `pm2 logs PROCESS_NAME`, where `PROCESS_NAME` is the respective PM2 managed process you want to see the logs of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `pm2 logs PROCESS_NAME`, where `PROCESS_NAME` is the respective PM2 managed process that contains the logs you wish to view.
```

> To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `docker container logs CONTAINER`, where `CONTAINER` is the respective Docker container you want to see the logs of.
> 
> For example, to see the logs for the Gateway microservice, execute:
> 
> [source,bash]
> ----
> docker container logs lisk-service_gateway_1
> ----

Reviewer 2: Kindly update
```suggestion
To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `pm2 logs PROCESS_NAME`, where `PROCESS_NAME` is the respective PM2 managed process you want to see the logs of.

For example, to see the logs for the Gateway microservice, execute:

[source,bash]
----
pm2 logs lisk-service-gateway
----
```
